Joe the club is announced plans to
return to Thailand on the two of this
summer what is your first reaction to
the news very excited once he had the
pleasure of of going there in 2013 and
it was a yeah real eye-opener for me I'd
heard about the fantastic support but to
go out there and experience it firsthand
as was special so yeah thrilled to be
returning as you see the incredible
support the Reds have in that region you
witnessed an 2013 that has left a
lasting impression on you it certainly
has I'll never forget it from a minute
we were we arrived you know whether we
were at the hotel whether we were
traveling to training to obviously to
the match inside the stadium outside
everywhere we went it was um yeah the
fans are passionate and you can see how
much the club means to them so great for
us tubs he go out there and see them you
know in person that was a credible first
experience for you see that the
Liverpool fans in Asia did it come as a
shock to you I was being told about it
so um you know I thought I was prepared
for it but even they said even though I
had been warned about how how much
support was there and how fanatical they
were still taken aback when we got there
so um yeah looking forward to more of
the same and you pleading that
rajamangala stadium two years ago and
put your memories of that occasion just
incredible atmosphere really do you know
they were singing the same songs you'd
hear at Anfield and yeah really great
experience and not just inside you know
surrounding the game everywhere was it
was red everywhere and you can see as I
mentioned earlier you know how much how
much they support our club even though
it was far away from Liverpool it was
like playing out and filled with the
support was like a home support wasn't
it it was yeah was surreal really yeah
and it was strange to be so far a guest
from home yet you know I think the Thai
team we played probably fell all over
their way
site so yeah very great sort of
preseason games you know as much as you
can ask for in a preseason game really
and perfect preparation obviously for
for our season and was even the training
sessions that were packed out with the
supporters they are how much of that was
a incentive for you an appreciation of
what the plural doing yeah I was huge
for us I think yeah just really you know
made us made feel grateful I think just
for for you know for that level of
support they say just to turn out in
their numbers you know to watch this
train obviously made sure that we you
know we went taking anything for granted
and as I mentioned earlier I think it
felt good to be obviously traveling out
there to give something back and the
wagon Bangkok kicks off the tour that's
going to take in Australia and Malaysia
do you enjoy the traffic that you have
to do as being a playful Liverpool yes
certainly these experiences are you know
what being part of of Liverpool is all
about really and most certainly as I
mentioned earlier the tour in 2013 great
experience for me so really looking
forward to get in again obviously a bit
of flying to be done but no obviously
going to you know fantastic destinations
and yeah that's the one of the one of
the perks of being a Helen pool player
and you get a chance to like pick up or
keeping any mementos for when you bring
your traveling the Liverpool a few of
bits and pieces yeah of course I'm not
great with things like that it's one of
them things I'll know I'll regret when
I'm older but try and keep ya a few few
things obviously yeah good memories and
I'm sure when I'm bit older things I'll
look back on and we often assume that
when you're going the the logistics are
my preseason to it's very good for team
building the spirit of the team is that
the keys here as well yes certainly it's
obviously we've we've been away for a
break in the summer so when we get back
in it's great to get back together get
back to work and obviously being yeah
away together full up here at a time
traveling it certainly helps build that
team spirit on top of all the training
with doing that I think that's that's
really part important part of preseason
and getting ready for ya what is always
a long season ahead and obviously a boat
the fitness it's not just about that
it's a bit imagine being able to make
some key tactical decisions that will go
ahead in the summer and early on in the
season that's something that's very
important for going into the new season
yeah certainly years I think you come
the first first Premier League game you
want to be firing on all cylinders so as
much as this talk about the fitness that
we need to improve preseason we will do
like you mention there'll be ideas new
fresh ideas possibly new players so that
all yeah there's all sorts of tactical
and technical stuff to do as well so
yeah a lot of work crammed into a short
space of time and hopefully that is
that's what's going to you know be the
foundation I guess for a successful
season